documentation/pages/business/audit-logs.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

# Audit logs

<Callout emoji="💡">Needs team credentials to use this command.</Callout>

## Fetching the logs

You can query the audit logs using the `logs` command. For example:

```sh copy
dcli t logs
```

You can also save the logs to a file:

```sh copy
dcli t logs --start 0 --end now > logs.json
```

The logs are output in JSON format, each line is a new log entry.

```json
{"uuid": "e2d9ce5b-[..redacted..]-b6de479b3483", "team_id": 1315574321, "category": "authentication", "log_type": "user_device_added", "date_time": 1688629046919, "properties": {"device_name": "Dashlane CLI", "author_login": "admin@something.io", "device_platform": "server_standalone"}, "author_user_id": 28080685, "schema_version": "1.0.0"}
{"uuid": "d2f5db34-[..redacted..]-1dfcc3bdf911", "team_id": 1315574321, "category": "authentication", "log_type": "user_device_added", "date_time": 1688628172021, "properties": {"device_name": "Chrome - Mac OS", "author_login": "admin@something.io", "device_platform": "server_standalone"}, "author_user_id": 28080685, "schema_version": "1.0.0"}
{"uuid": "4ca3bb56-[..redacted..]-66cbb387cb54", "team_id": 1315574321, "category": "authentication", "log_type": "user_device_added", "date_time": 1683303544898, "properties": {"device_name": "Firefox - Ubuntu", "author_login": "user@something.io", "device_platform": "server_standalone"}, "author_user_id": 28086620, "schema_version": "1.0.0"}
{"uuid": "68e70f62-[..redacted..]-1bb9830f9f18", "team_id": 1315574321, "category": "team_settings_sso", "log_type": "sso_service_provider_url_set", "date_time": 1671629557924, "properties": {"author_login": "admin@something.io", "service_provider_url": "https://sso.nitro.dashlane.com"}, "author_user_id": 28080685, "schema_version": "1.0.0"}
```

## Filtering the logs

With the following options you can filter the logs by start and end date, log type and category.

```sh
  --start <start>        start timestamp in ms (default: "0")
  --end <end>            end timestamp in ms (default: "now")
  --type <type>          log type
  --category <category>  log category
```

### Filtering by date

We use epoch timestamps in milliseconds, so you can use the `date` command to get the timestamp of a specific date:

```sh
# On Linux and Windows
date -d "2021-09-01" +%s000

# On macOS
date -j -f "%Y-%m-%d" "2021-09-01" +%s000
```

The final command would look like this using `date`:

```sh copy
# On Linux and Windows
dcli t logs --start $(date -d "2021-09-01" +%s000) --end $(date -d "2021-09-02" +%s000)

# On macOS
dcli t logs --start $(date -j -f "%Y-%m-%d" "2021-09-01" +%s000) --end $(date -j -f "%Y-%m-%d" "2021-09-02" +%s000)
```

In the output logs timestamps are in milliseconds, so you can use the `date` command to convert them to a human readable format:

```sh
# On Linux and Windows
date -d @1688629046919

# On macOS
date -r 1688629046919
```

## Export the logs as CSV

You can export the logs as CSV using the `--csv` option.

```sh copy
dcli t logs --csv --start 0 --end now > logs.csv
```

This allows you to open the logs in a spreadsheet editor like Excel or Google Sheets.
Note that the `properties` field is kept as a JSON string in the CSV file because its content varies depending on the log type.

## Logs types (default)

| Type                                           | Event message                                          |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| master_password_reset_accepted                 | Accepted an Account Recovery request from %(email)s    |
| master_password_reset_refused                  | Denied an Account Recovery request from %(email)s      |
| user_device_added                              | Added the device %(name)s                              |
| user_device_removed                            | Removed the device %(name)s                            |
| requested_account_recovery                     | Requested Account Recovery                             |
| completed_account_recovery                     | Recovered their account through Account Recovery       |
| dwm_email_added                                | Added %(email)s to Dark Web Monitoring                 |
| dwm_email_removed                              | Removed %(email)s from Dark Web Monitoring             |
| user_group_created                             | Created a group named %(groupName)s                    |
| user_group_renamed                             | Renamed the %(oldGroupName)s group to %(newGroupName)s |
| user_group_deleted                             | Deleted the %(groupName)s group                        |
| user_joined_user_group                         | Joined the %(groupName)s group                         |
| user_invited_to_user_group                     | Invited %(email)s to the %(groupName)s group           |
| user_declined_invite_to_user_group             | Declined to join the %(groupName)s group               |
| user_removed_from_user_group                   | Removed %(email)s from the %(groupName)s group         |
| team_name_changed                              | Changed your company name to “%(name)s”                |
| new_billing_period_created                     | Extended your account until %(date)s                   |
| seats_added                                    | Added %(count)s seats to your account                  |
| domain_requested                               | Added %(domain)s as an unverified domain               |
| domain_validated                               | Verified the domain %(domain)s                         |
| collect_sensitive_data_audit_logs_enabled      | (user) turned on unencrypted vault logs                |
| collect_sensitive_data_audit_logs_disabled     | (user) turned off unencrypted vault logs               |
| sso_idp_metadata_set                           | Updated SSO identity provider metadata                 |
| sso_service_provider_url_set                   | Configured SSO service provider URL                    |
| sso_enabled                                    | Enabled SSO                                            |
| sso_disabled                                   | Disabled SSO                                           |
| contact_email_changed                          | Changed contact email to %(email)s                     |
| master_password_mobile_reset_enabled           | Turned on biometric recovery for %(deviceName)s        |
| two_factor_authentication_login_method_added   | Activated a 2FA method                                 |
| two_factor_authentication_login_method_removed | Removed a 2FA method                                   |
| user_invited                                   | Invited %(email)s to your account                      |
| user_removed                                   | Revoked %(email)s from your account                    |
| team_captain_added                             | Changed %(email)s to admin rights                      |
| team_captain_removed                           | Changed %(email)s to member rights                     |
| group_manager_added                            | Changed %(email)s to group manager rights              |
| group_manager_removed                          | Changed %(email)s to member rights                     |
| user_reinvited                                 | Resent an invite to %(email)s                          |
| billing_admin_added                            | Made %(name)s the billing contact                      |
| billing_admin_removed                          | Revoked %(name)s as the billing contact                |

## Logs types (sensitive)

You can turn on logging sensitive actions in the Policies section of Settings in the Admin Console. Read more about it in our [dedicated Help Center article](https://support.dashlane.com/hc/en-us/articles/4414606120210).

| Type                                       | Event message                                                   |
| ------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| collect_sensitive_data_audit_logs_enabled  | (user) turned on additional activity logs (unencrypted)         |
| collect_sensitive_data_audit_logs_disabled | (user) turned off additional activity logs (unencrypted)        |
| user_shared_credential_with_group          | (user) shared %(rights [limited/full]) rights to the %(domain)s |
| user_shared_credential_with_email          | (user) shared %(rights [limited/full]) rights to the %(domain)s |
| user_shared_credential_with_external       | (user) shared %(rights [limited/full]) rights to the %(domain)s |
| user_accepted_sharing_invite_credential    | (user) accepted a sharing invitation for the %(domain)s         |
| user_rejected_sharing_invite_credential    | (user) rejected a sharing invitation for the %(domain)s         |
| user_revoked_shared_credential_group       | (user) revoked access to the %(domain)s login                   |
| user_revoked_shared_credential_external    | (user) revoked access to the %(domain)s login                   |
| user_revoked_shared_credential_email       | (user) revoked access to the %(domain)s login                   |
| user_created_credential                    | (user) created a login for %(domain)s                           |
| user_modified_credential                   | (user) modified the login for %(domain)s                        |
| user_deleted_credential                    | (user) deleted the login for %(domain)s                         |

## Logs categories

| Category            |
| ------------------- |
| authentication      |
| dark_web_monitoring |
| groups              |
| sharing             |
| team_account        |
| team_settings       |
| team_settings_sso   |
| users               |
| user_settings       |
| vault_passwords     |

## Use cases

### Sending audit logs to a SIEM or log management solution

If you want to send the logs to a SIEM for instance, you can pull the logs periodically and only get the new logs by using the `--start` option.

Here is an example of a cron job that pulls the latest logs of the day and append them to a file:

```sh
#!/bin/bash

# Create the cron job
# crontab -e
# 0 0 * * * /path/to/script.sh

# Get the latest pull date
if [ -f "last_pull_date" ]; then
  last_pull_date=$(cat last_pull_date)
else
  last_pull_date=0
fi

# Save the latest pull date
date +%s000 > last_pull_date

# Pull the logs
dcli t logs --start $last_pull_date >> logs.json
```

Make sure to replace `/path/to/script.sh` with the actual path to the script.
The other paths in the script are only examples and may not reflect the permissions of your system, you can change them to your needs.

Configure your SIEM agent to watch the `logs.json` file changes.

Commit message:

Add human-readable option for dates in team
Fix #143

documentation/pages/business/audit-logs.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

# Audit logs

<Callout emoji="💡">Needs team credentials to use this command.</Callout>

## Fetching the logs

You can query the audit logs using the `logs` command. For example:

```sh copy
dcli t logs
```

You can also save the logs to a file:

```sh copy
dcli t logs --start 0 --end now > logs.json
```

The logs are output in JSON format, each line is a new log entry.

```json
{"uuid": "e2d9ce5b-[..redacted..]-b6de479b3483", "team_id": 1315574321, "category": "authentication", "log_type": "user_device_added", "date_time": 1688629046919, "properties": {"device_name": "Dashlane CLI", "author_login": "admin@something.io", "device_platform": "server_standalone"}, "author_user_id": 28080685, "schema_version": "1.0.0"}
{"uuid": "d2f5db34-[..redacted..]-1dfcc3bdf911", "team_id": 1315574321, "category": "authentication", "log_type": "user_device_added", "date_time": 1688628172021, "properties": {"device_name": "Chrome - Mac OS", "author_login": "admin@something.io", "device_platform": "server_standalone"}, "author_user_id": 28080685, "schema_version": "1.0.0"}
{"uuid": "4ca3bb56-[..redacted..]-66cbb387cb54", "team_id": 1315574321, "category": "authentication", "log_type": "user_device_added", "date_time": 1683303544898, "properties": {"device_name": "Firefox - Ubuntu", "author_login": "user@something.io", "device_platform": "server_standalone"}, "author_user_id": 28086620, "schema_version": "1.0.0"}
{"uuid": "68e70f62-[..redacted..]-1bb9830f9f18", "team_id": 1315574321, "category": "team_settings_sso", "log_type": "sso_service_provider_url_set", "date_time": 1671629557924, "properties": {"author_login": "admin@something.io", "service_provider_url": "https://sso.nitro.dashlane.com"}, "author_user_id": 28080685, "schema_version": "1.0.0"}
```

## Filtering the logs

With the following options you can filter the logs by start and end date, log type and category.

```sh
  --start <start>        start timestamp in ms (default: "0")
  --end <end>            end timestamp in ms (default: "now")
  --type <type>          log type
  --category <category>  log category
```

### Filtering by date

We use epoch timestamps in milliseconds, so you can use the `date` command to get the timestamp of a specific date:

```sh
# On Linux and Windows
date -d "2021-09-01" +%s000

# On macOS
date -j -f "%Y-%m-%d" "2021-09-01" +%s000
```

The final command would look like this using `date`:

```sh copy
# On Linux and Windows
dcli t logs --start $(date -d "2021-09-01" +%s000) --end $(date -d "2021-09-02" +%s000)

# On macOS
dcli t logs --start $(date -j -f "%Y-%m-%d" "2021-09-01" +%s000) --end $(date -j -f "%Y-%m-%d" "2021-09-02" +%s000)
```

In the output logs timestamps are in milliseconds, so you can use the `date` command to convert them to a human readable format:

```sh
# On Linux and Windows
date -d @1688629046919

# On macOS
date -r 1688629046919
```

## Options

### Export as CSV

You can export the logs as CSV using the `--csv` option.

```sh copy
dcli t logs --csv --start 0 --end now > logs.csv
```

This allows you to open the logs in a spreadsheet editor like Excel or Google Sheets.
Note that the `properties` field is kept as a JSON string in the CSV file because its content varies depending on the log type.

### Human Readable dates

You can use the `--human-readable` option to output the logs with human readable dates.

```sh copy
dcli t logs --human-readable
```

The date will be displayed in the ISO 8601 format.

Note that a new key named `date_time_iso` will be added to the logs.

## Logs types

### Default types

| Type                                           | Event message                                          |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| master_password_reset_accepted                 | Accepted an Account Recovery request from %(email)s    |
| master_password_reset_refused                  | Denied an Account Recovery request from %(email)s      |
| user_device_added                              | Added the device %(name)s                              |
| user_device_removed                            | Removed the device %(name)s                            |
| requested_account_recovery                     | Requested Account Recovery                             |
| completed_account_recovery                     | Recovered their account through Account Recovery       |
| dwm_email_added                                | Added %(email)s to Dark Web Monitoring                 |
| dwm_email_removed                              | Removed %(email)s from Dark Web Monitoring             |
| user_group_created                             | Created a group named %(groupName)s                    |
| user_group_renamed                             | Renamed the %(oldGroupName)s group to %(newGroupName)s |
| user_group_deleted                             | Deleted the %(groupName)s group                        |
| user_joined_user_group                         | Joined the %(groupName)s group                         |
| user_invited_to_user_group                     | Invited %(email)s to the %(groupName)s group           |
| user_declined_invite_to_user_group             | Declined to join the %(groupName)s group               |
| user_removed_from_user_group                   | Removed %(email)s from the %(groupName)s group         |
| team_name_changed                              | Changed your company name to “%(name)s”                |
| new_billing_period_created                     | Extended your account until %(date)s                   |
| seats_added                                    | Added %(count)s seats to your account                  |
| domain_requested                               | Added %(domain)s as an unverified domain               |
| domain_validated                               | Verified the domain %(domain)s                         |
| collect_sensitive_data_audit_logs_enabled      | (user) turned on unencrypted vault logs                |
| collect_sensitive_data_audit_logs_disabled     | (user) turned off unencrypted vault logs               |
| sso_idp_metadata_set                           | Updated SSO identity provider metadata                 |
| sso_service_provider_url_set                   | Configured SSO service provider URL                    |
| sso_enabled                                    | Enabled SSO                                            |
| sso_disabled                                   | Disabled SSO                                           |
| contact_email_changed                          | Changed contact email to %(email)s                     |
| master_password_mobile_reset_enabled           | Turned on biometric recovery for %(deviceName)s        |
| two_factor_authentication_login_method_added   | Activated a 2FA method                                 |
| two_factor_authentication_login_method_removed | Removed a 2FA method                                   |
| user_invited                                   | Invited %(email)s to your account                      |
| user_removed                                   | Revoked %(email)s from your account                    |
| team_captain_added                             | Changed %(email)s to admin rights                      |
| team_captain_removed                           | Changed %(email)s to member rights                     |
| group_manager_added                            | Changed %(email)s to group manager rights              |
| group_manager_removed                          | Changed %(email)s to member rights                     |
| user_reinvited                                 | Resent an invite to %(email)s                          |
| billing_admin_added                            | Made %(name)s the billing contact                      |
| billing_admin_removed                          | Revoked %(name)s as the billing contact                |

### Sensitive types

You can turn on logging sensitive actions in the Policies section of Settings in the Admin Console. Read more about it in our [dedicated Help Center article](https://support.dashlane.com/hc/en-us/articles/4414606120210).

| Type                                       | Event message                                                   |
| ------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| collect_sensitive_data_audit_logs_enabled  | (user) turned on additional activity logs (unencrypted)         |
| collect_sensitive_data_audit_logs_disabled | (user) turned off additional activity logs (unencrypted)        |
| user_shared_credential_with_group          | (user) shared %(rights [limited/full]) rights to the %(domain)s |
| user_shared_credential_with_email          | (user) shared %(rights [limited/full]) rights to the %(domain)s |
| user_shared_credential_with_external       | (user) shared %(rights [limited/full]) rights to the %(domain)s |
| user_accepted_sharing_invite_credential    | (user) accepted a sharing invitation for the %(domain)s         |
| user_rejected_sharing_invite_credential    | (user) rejected a sharing invitation for the %(domain)s         |
| user_revoked_shared_credential_group       | (user) revoked access to the %(domain)s login                   |
| user_revoked_shared_credential_external    | (user) revoked access to the %(domain)s login                   |
| user_revoked_shared_credential_email       | (user) revoked access to the %(domain)s login                   |
| user_created_credential                    | (user) created a login for %(domain)s                           |
| user_modified_credential                   | (user) modified the login for %(domain)s                        |
| user_deleted_credential                    | (user) deleted the login for %(domain)s                         |

## Logs categories

| Category            |
| ------------------- |
| authentication      |
| dark_web_monitoring |
| groups              |
| sharing             |
| team_account        |
| team_settings       |
| team_settings_sso   |
| users               |
| user_settings       |
| vault_passwords     |

## Use cases

### Sending audit logs to a SIEM or log management solution

If you want to send the logs to a SIEM for instance, you can pull the logs periodically and only get the new logs by using the `--start` option.

Here is an example of a cron job that pulls the latest logs of the day and append them to a file:

```sh
#!/bin/bash

# Create the cron job
# crontab -e
# 0 0 * * * /path/to/script.sh

# Get the latest pull date
if [ -f "last_pull_date" ]; then
  last_pull_date=$(cat last_pull_date)
else
  last_pull_date=0
fi

# Save the latest pull date
date +%s000 > last_pull_date

# Pull the logs
dcli t logs --start $last_pull_date >> logs.json
```

Make sure to replace `/path/to/script.sh` with the actual path to the script.
The other paths in the script are only examples and may not reflect the permissions of your system, you can change them to your needs.

Configure your SIEM agent to watch the `logs.json` file changes.
