documentation/pages/business/index.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

# Get started with Business Commands

Commands related to business use a different authentication than your personal vault.

Commands are calling a server API to perform actions and retrieve data. The first step is to login with the personal account ([follow this guide](/personal/authentication)) of a team admin and to generate a set of credentials.

## Generate credentials

<Callout emoji="💡">Needs to be authenticated as an admin to use this command.</Callout>

```sh copy
dcli t credentials generate
```

You will be prompted with a list of variables to export in your environment. Simply copy/paste them in your terminal.

```sh copy
export DASHLANE_TEAM_UUID=08a48d4f-[..redacted..]-fba9193d968c
export DASHLANE_TEAM_ACCESS_KEY=f56[..redacted..]56ce
export DASHLANE_TEAM_SECRET_KEY=839c9[..redacted..]3ada5
```

On Windows, you can use the `set` command instead of `export`.

```sh copy
set DASHLANE_TEAM_UUID=08a48d4f-[..redacted..]-fba9193d968c
set DASHLANE_TEAM_ACCESS_KEY=f56[..redacted..]56ce
set DASHLANE_TEAM_SECRET_KEY=839c9[..redacted..]3ada5
```

Make sure you save them in a safe place (use a secure note for instance 😉).

## List credentials

<Callout emoji="💡">Needs to be authenticated as an admin to use this command.</Callout>

```sh copy
dcli t credentials list
```

## Revoke credentials

<Callout emoji="💡">Needs to be authenticated as an admin to use this command.</Callout>

```sh copy
dcli t credentials revoke <DASHLANE_TEAM_ACCESS_KEY>
```

Commit message:

Migrate to new team device keys format (#218)
Following an internal ADR (Architecture Decision Record), I'm migrating
to a new team device keys format.

documentation/pages/business/index.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

# Get started with Business Commands

Commands related to business use a different authentication than your personal vault.

Commands are calling a server API to perform actions and retrieve data. The first step is to login with the personal account ([follow this guide](/personal/authentication)) of a team admin and to generate a set of credentials.

## Generate credentials

<Callout emoji="💡">Needs to be authenticated as an admin to use this command.</Callout>

```sh copy
dcli t credentials generate
```

You will be prompted with a list of variables to export in your environment. Simply copy/paste them in your terminal.

```sh copy
export DASHLANE_TEAM_DEVICE_KEYS=dlt_[deviceAccessKey]_[payload]
```

On Windows, you can use the `set` command instead of `export`.

```sh copy
set DASHLANE_TEAM_DEVICE_KEYS=dlt_[deviceAccessKey]_[payload]
```

Make sure you save them in a safe place (use a secure note for instance 😉).

<Callout emoji="ℹ️">The token you'll get is starting by `dlt` in order to be easily identified by scanning tools.</Callout>

## List credentials

<Callout emoji="💡">Needs to be authenticated as an admin to use this command.</Callout>

```sh copy
dcli t credentials list
```

## Revoke credentials

<Callout emoji="💡">Needs to be authenticated as an admin to use this command.</Callout>

```sh copy
dcli t credentials revoke <DASHLANE_TEAM_ACCESS_KEY>
```
