documentation/pages/business/reports.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

# Reports

<Callout emoji="💡">Needs team credentials to use this command.</Callout>

You can get reports on your team about the number of seats provisioned, used and pending. You can also get reports on the aggregated password health history of your team.

## Fetch reports

The following commands take in input the number of days to look back for the password health history. The default is 0 day.

```sh copy
dcli t report 30
```

## Generate graphics from reports

One way to consume password health history reports is to generate graphics from them.

![Example of graphic generated from a report](../../public/password-health-graphic.png)

The following Python script example will generate a graphic from the report.

```python copy showLineNumbers filename="generate-graph.py"
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import numpy as np


def format_month(month: str):
    match month:
        case "01":
            return "Jan"
        case "02":
            return "Feb"
        case "03":
            return "Mar"
        case "04":
            return "Apr"
        case "05":
            return "May"
        case "06":
            return "Jun"
        case "07":
            return "Jui"
        case "08":
            return "Aug"
        case "09":
            return "Sep"
        case "10":
            return "Oct"
        case "11":
            return "Nov"
        case "12":
            return "Dec"


def format_x_label(label: str):
    year, month = label.split("-")
    return f"{format_month(month)} {year}"


def generate_graph(file_path: str, data):
    dates = []
    values = []
    for value in data:
        dates.append(np.datetime64(value["date"]))
        values.append(value["securityIndex"])

    # create two subplots with the shared x and y axes
    fig, (ax) = plt.subplots(figsize=(10, 5))

    ax.plot(dates, values, lw=2, color="#4e828f")
    ax.grid(True)

    ax.set_ylabel("Security score")
    labels = ax.get_xticklabels()
    for label in labels:
        label._text = format_x_label(label._text)
    ax.set_xticklabels(labels)

    ax.set_ylim(min(values) - 10, 100)

    fig.suptitle("Evolution of the team security score")
    fig.autofmt_xdate()

    plt.savefig(file_path)
    plt.close()
    return file_path
```

Commit message:

Add doc for UP and reports interface

documentation/pages/business/reports.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

# Reports

<Callout emoji="💡">Needs team credentials to use this command.</Callout>

You can get reports on your team containing:

-   number of seats provisioned, used and pending
-   current password health score
-   aggregated password health score history

## Fetch reports

The following commands take in input the number of days to look back for the password health history. The default is 0 day.

```sh copy
dcli t report 30
```

Here is the structure of the report:

| Output Interface               | Description                                                     | Type     |
| ------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| `seats.provisioned`            | The total number of seats that are paid                         | `number` |
| `seats.used`                   | The number of used seats (active, pending)                      | `number` |
| `seats.pending`                | The number of pending invitations                               | `number` |
| `passwordHealthHistory`        | Array containing objects with date and securityIndex properties | `array`  |
| `passwordHealth.securityIndex` | The aggregated security index of the team                       | `number` |
| `passwordHealth.passwords`     | The total number of passwords in this team                      | `number` |
| `passwordHealth.safe`          | The total number of safe passwords in this team                 | `number` |
| `passwordHealth.weak`          | The total number of weak passwords in this team                 | `number` |
| `passwordHealth.reused`        | The total number of reused passwords in this team               | `number` |
| `passwordHealth.compromised`   | The total number of compromised passwords in this team          | `number` |

## Generate graphics from reports

One way to consume password health history reports is to generate graphics from them.

![Example of graphic generated from a report](../../public/password-health-graphic.png)

The following Python script example will generate a graphic from the report.

```python copy showLineNumbers filename="generate-graph.py"
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import numpy as np


def format_month(month: str):
    match month:
        case "01":
            return "Jan"
        case "02":
            return "Feb"
        case "03":
            return "Mar"
        case "04":
            return "Apr"
        case "05":
            return "May"
        case "06":
            return "Jun"
        case "07":
            return "Jui"
        case "08":
            return "Aug"
        case "09":
            return "Sep"
        case "10":
            return "Oct"
        case "11":
            return "Nov"
        case "12":
            return "Dec"


def format_x_label(label: str):
    year, month = label.split("-")
    return f"{format_month(month)} {year}"


def generate_graph(file_path: str, data):
    dates = []
    values = []
    for value in data:
        dates.append(np.datetime64(value["date"]))
        values.append(value["securityIndex"])

    # create two subplots with the shared x and y axes
    fig, (ax) = plt.subplots(figsize=(10, 5))

    ax.plot(dates, values, lw=2, color="#4e828f")
    ax.grid(True)

    ax.set_ylabel("Security score")
    labels = ax.get_xticklabels()
    for label in labels:
        label._text = format_x_label(label._text)
    ax.set_xticklabels(labels)

    ax.set_ylim(min(values) - 10, 100)

    fig.suptitle("Evolution of the team security score")
    fig.autofmt_xdate()

    plt.savefig(file_path)
    plt.close()
    return file_path
```
