documentation/pages/personal/authentication.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

# Authentication

To start with launch a first manual sync:

```sh copy
dcli sync
```

Authenticating to your personal vault requires your email.
You will be then asked to validate a second factor to register the CLI to your account.

## Supported primary authentication methods

-   Master Password
-   SSO (self-hosted only)

<Callout type="warning">
    Confidential SSO (using Nitro Enclaves) and Password-Less authentication are not supported yet.
</Callout>

### Requirements for SSO authentication

You must have:

-   the [latest Chrome browser](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95346) installed on your machine
-   a visual interface to be able to authenticate in the browser
-   a machine that has a keychain (macOS, Windows, Linux with libsecret installed for instance)

The CLI will open a new **incognito** tab to authenticate you to your SSO provider.

## Supported 2FA methods

-   Email code validation (default)
-   TOTP code validation (via an authenticator app)
-   Dashlane Authenticator push notification
-   DUO push notification

By completing the device registration process, you'll be now asked to enter your Master Password.

## Options

By default your Master Password will be saved locally in the OS keychain so you don't have to enter it every time.
You can disable this behavior with the following command:

```sh copy
dcli configure save-master-password false
```

Commit message:

Add doc for UP, reports interface and security model (#233)
Add documentation about user presence, reports interface and our
security model.

documentation/pages/personal/authentication.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

# Authentication (Login)

To start with launch a first manual sync:

```sh copy
dcli sync
```

Authenticating to your personal vault requires your email.
You will be then asked to validate a second factor to register the CLI to your account.

## Supported primary authentication methods

-   Master Password
-   SSO (self-hosted only)

<Callout type="warning">
    Confidential SSO (using Nitro Enclaves) and Password-Less authentication are not supported yet.
</Callout>

### Requirements for SSO authentication

You must have:

-   the [latest Chrome browser](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95346) installed on your machine
-   a visual interface to be able to authenticate in the browser
-   a machine that has a keychain (macOS, Windows, Linux with libsecret installed for instance)

The CLI will open a new **incognito** tab to authenticate you to your SSO provider.

## Supported 2FA methods

-   Email code validation (default)
-   TOTP code validation (via an authenticator app)
-   Dashlane Authenticator push notification
-   DUO push notification

By completing the device registration process, you'll be now asked to enter your Master Password.

## Lock the CLI

You can lock the CLI at any time by running:

```sh copy
dcli lock
```

This will require you to enter your Master Password again to unlock the CLI.

## Options

### Save Master Password

By default your Master Password will be saved locally in the OS keychain so you don't have to enter it every time.
You can disable this behavior with the following command:

```sh copy
dcli configure save-master-password false
```

### Unlock with Biometrics

You can unlock the CLI with your biometrics (Touch ID, Face ID) if your machine supports it (only macOS for now).

```sh copy
dcli configure user-presence --method biometric
```

And to disable it:

```sh copy
dcli configure user-presence --method none
```
