documentation/pages/personal/devices.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

# Managing your devices

## List your devices

```sh copy
dcli devices list
```

You'll get a list of all your devices, with their ID, name, and platform.

```sh
f6110572        Chrome - Linux    server_standalone       other
e96c8942        Firefox - Ubuntu  server_standalone       other
9d7fc86f        Chrome - Mac OS   server_standalone       other
61e815b5        Dashlane CLI      server_standalone       current
```

You can also request the result in JSON format:

```sh copy
dcli devices list --json
```

## Remove devices from your account

Devices that are removed from your account will need to re-authenticate to Dashlane again.
This is useful if you want to remove a device that you no longer use, or you don't have access to anymore.

### Remove specific devices

```sh copy
dcli devices remove <device-id-1> <device-id-2>
```

### Remove all devices except the current one

```sh copy
dcli devices remove --others
```

### Remove all devices including current CLI device

```sh copy
dcli devices remove --all
```

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
    If you remove the current CLI device, you will need to do a `dcli logout` in order to re-authenticate.
</Callout>

## Register a new non-interactive device

In case you want to access your vault in non-interactive environment like CIs or servers, you can register a new device with the `register` command.

```sh copy
dcli devices register "my_server"
```

Note that you will be prompted to validate the registration with a second factor authentication.

This will create a new device named `my_server` and will print the device credentials.
Save them in a safe place (like in a secure note), as you won't be able to retrieve them later.
Run the suggested commands on your target device (your server or CI) to set the device credentials as environment variables.

```sh
export DASHLANE_DEVICE_ACCESS_KEY=bdd5[..redacted..]6eb
export DASHLANE_DEVICE_SECRET_KEY=99f7d9bd547c0[..redacted..]c93fa2118cdf7e3d0
export DASHLANE_LOGIN=email@domain.com
export DASHLANE_MASTER_PASSWORD=<insert your master password here>
```

Please, replace `<insert your master password here>` with your actual master password.

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
    OTP at each login and SSO are not supported for non-interactive devices. We recommend creating a dedicated Dashlane
    account for your non-interactive devices.
</Callout>

Once you've set the environment variables, you can use the CLI to retrieve passwords, otp and notes and no interactive prompts will be shown.

Commit message:

Migrate to service device keys format

documentation/pages/personal/devices.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

# Managing your devices

## List your devices

```sh copy
dcli devices list
```

You'll get a list of all your devices, with their ID, name, and platform.

```sh
f6110572        Chrome - Linux    server_standalone       other
e96c8942        Firefox - Ubuntu  server_standalone       other
9d7fc86f        Chrome - Mac OS   server_standalone       other
61e815b5        Dashlane CLI      server_standalone       current
```

You can also request the result in JSON format:

```sh copy
dcli devices list --json
```

## Remove devices from your account

Devices that are removed from your account will need to re-authenticate to Dashlane again.
This is useful if you want to remove a device that you no longer use, or you don't have access to anymore.

### Remove specific devices

```sh copy
dcli devices remove <device-id-1> <device-id-2>
```

### Remove all devices except the current one

```sh copy
dcli devices remove --others
```

### Remove all devices including current CLI device

```sh copy
dcli devices remove --all
```

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
    If you remove the current CLI device, you will need to do a `dcli logout` in order to re-authenticate.
</Callout>

## Register a new non-interactive device

In case you want to access your vault in non-interactive environment like CIs or servers, you can register a new device with the `register` command.

```sh copy
dcli devices register "my_server"
```

Note that you will be prompted to validate the registration with a second factor authentication.

This will create a new device named `my_server` and will print the device credentials.
Save them in a safe place (like in a secure note), as you won't be able to retrieve them later.
Run the suggested commands on your target device (your server or CI) to set the device credentials as environment variables.

```sh 
export DASHLANE_SERVICE_DEVICE_KEYS=dls_[deviceAccessKey]_[payload]
```

On Windows, you can use the `set` command instead of `export`.

```sh
set DASHLANE_SERVICE_DEVICE_KEYS=dls_[deviceAccessKey]_[payload]
```

<Callout emoji="ℹ️">The token you'll get is starting by `dls` in order to be easily identified by scanning tools.</Callout>

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
    OTP at each login and SSO are not supported for non-interactive devices. We recommend creating a dedicated Dashlane
    account for your non-interactive devices.
</Callout>

Once you've set the environment variables, you can use the CLI to retrieve passwords, otp and notes and no interactive prompts will be shown.
