documentation/pages/personal/vault.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';
import { YoutubePlayer } from '../../components/player';

# Accessing your Vault

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
    For now accessing your vault is read only.
</Callout>

## Get a password

<YoutubePlayer videoId="dMII21YI5s4" />

```sh
dcli p mywebsite
# will return any entry for which either the url or the title matches mywebsite

dcli p id=xxxxxx
# will return any entry for which the id matches xxxxxx

dcli p url=someurl title=mytitle
# will return any entry for which the url matches someurl, or the title matches mytitle

dcli p url,title=mywebsite
# will return any entry for which either the url or the title matches mywebsite
```

Note: You can select a different output for passwords among `clipboard, password, json`. The JSON option outputs all the matching credentials.

![Dashlane CLI copy password](../../public/password-copy.png)

## Generate an OTP code

You can get an OTP code from your vault as well as the remaining time before it expires.
Just use the `otp` or `o` command and filter similarly to the password command:

```sh copy
dcli otp [filters]
```

## Get a secure note

<YoutubePlayer videoId="n8OxYRfrgfk" />

In order to get a secure note, just use the `note` or `n` command and define some filters (similarly to the password command).
You can also select a different output for notes among `text, json`. The JSON option outputs all the matching notes.

```sh copy
dcli note [filters]

# Example with a JSON output
dcli note tilte=sample.md -o json
```

## Options

By default an automatic synchronization is performed once per hour.
You can change this behavior with the following command:

```sh copy
dcli configure disable-auto-sync true
```

## Use cases

### Use SSH Keys from your vault

This use case shows you how to use Dashlane to store your SSH keys and use them to connect to your servers.
This could be useful if you want to share SSH keys with your team.

Let's say you have generated a new SSH key pair and you want to store it in Dashlane.

```sh
# this is an example, use the parameters you want
ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "Dashlane SSH demo key"
```

Copy the private key to your clipboard and store it in a new secure note (named `SSH_DEMO_KEY` in our example) in Dashlane via the extension.
It is important to include the headers of the key (`-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----` and `-----END PRIVATE KEY-----`) in the secure note.

Now, make sure your CLI is synchronized:

```sh copy
dcli sync
```

Once done, you can retrieve the private key from your vault and inject it in your SSH agent:

```sh copy
dcli n SSH_DEMO_KEY | ssh-add -
```

Commit message:

Add reference to secret in documentation (#194)

documentation/pages/personal/vault.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';
import { YoutubePlayer } from '../../components/player';

# Accessing your Vault

<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
    For now accessing your vault is read only.
</Callout>

## Get a password

<YoutubePlayer videoId="dMII21YI5s4" />

```sh
dcli p mywebsite
# will return any entry for which either the url or the title matches mywebsite

dcli p id=xxxxxx
# will return any entry for which the id matches xxxxxx

dcli p url=someurl title=mytitle
# will return any entry for which the url matches someurl, or the title matches mytitle

dcli p url,title=mywebsite
# will return any entry for which either the url or the title matches mywebsite
```

Note: You can select a different output for passwords among `clipboard, password, json`. The JSON option outputs all the matching credentials.

![Dashlane CLI copy password](../../public/password-copy.png)

## Generate an OTP code

You can get an OTP code from your vault as well as the remaining time before it expires.
Just use the `otp` or `o` command and filter similarly to the password command:

```sh copy
dcli otp [filters]
```

## Get a secure note

<YoutubePlayer videoId="n8OxYRfrgfk" />

In order to get a secure note, just use the `note` or `n` command and define some filters (similarly to the password command).
You can also select a different output for notes among `text, json`. The JSON option outputs all the matching notes.

```sh copy
dcli note [filters]

# Example with a JSON output
dcli note title=sample.md -o json
```

## Get a secret

Dashlane introduced the secret content type. You can use it to store any kind of secret data in your vault.

In order to get a secret, just use the `secret` command and define some filters (similarly to the secure note command).
You can also select a different output for notes among `text, json`. The JSON option outputs all the matching notes.

```sh copy
dcli secret [filters]

# Example with a JSON output
dcli secret title=api_keys -o json
```

## Options

By default an automatic synchronization is performed once per hour.
You can change this behavior with the following command:

```sh copy
dcli configure disable-auto-sync true
```

## Use cases

### Use SSH Keys from your vault

This use case shows you how to use Dashlane to store your SSH keys and use them to connect to your servers.
This could be useful if you want to share SSH keys with your team.

Let's say you have generated a new SSH key pair and you want to store it in Dashlane.

```sh
# this is an example, use the parameters you want
ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "Dashlane SSH demo key"
```

Copy the private key to your clipboard and store it in a new secure note (named `SSH_DEMO_KEY` in our example) in Dashlane via the extension.
It is important to include the headers of the key (`-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----` and `-----END PRIVATE KEY-----`) in the secure note.

Now, make sure your CLI is synchronized:

```sh copy
dcli sync
```

Once done, you can retrieve the private key from your vault and inject it in your SSH agent:

```sh copy
dcli n SSH_DEMO_KEY | ssh-add -
```
