src/crypto/README.md, before:

# How private data is stored

## Goals

-   Store the master password, so it is possible to decrypt the transactions whatever derivation method is used.
-   Store the device secret key, so it is possible to synchronize the transactions.
-   Don't store the above secrets unencrypted, so if the computer/disk is stolen it is impossible to retrieve them.
-   Allow secret retrieval without use of OS password manager if the master password is known.

## Solution used

-   The OS password management system (Keychain for macOS, Credential Vault for Windows and libsecret for Linux) is used
    to store the randomly generated _local key_. It is then the responsibility of the OS password manager to encrypt
    this _local key_.
-   The secrets (master password and device secret key) are encrypted using the _local key_ and stored into the DB.
-   To be able to retrieve the _local key_ if the master password is known, it is encrypted using the master password
    and stored into the DB. Then, even without access to the OS password manager it is possible to retrieve all the
    secrets. If you don't want to use the OS password manager you can directly provide the master password via the
    environment variable `MP`.
-   To encrypt the local key using the master password a derivate has to be generated. However, at this point no
    derivation settings are known, so it is hard-coded via a fake transaction generated by
    `getDerivationParametersForLocalKey` in [keychainManager.ts](keychainManager.ts).

Commit message:

Feature/ Allow not storing the Master Password and/or not using the OS keychain (#30)
* Allow not storing the Master Password and/or not using the OS keychain

* Remove useless function export

* Replace the primary key of syncUpdates DB table by the dashlane login

* 'LIMIT 1' is useless in SQL queries when the primary key is fixed

* Add login column to transactions table to ease integration of multi-account support

* Add version management with breaking changes versions that warn the user

* Apply requested modification from the review

src/crypto/README.md, after:

# How private data is stored

## Goals

-   Store the master password, so it is possible to decrypt the transactions whatever derivation method is used.
-   Store the device secret key, so it is possible to synchronize the transactions.
-   Don't store the above secrets unencrypted, so if the computer/disk is stolen it is impossible to retrieve them.
-   Allow secret retrieval without use of OS keychain if it is not available (e.g. on some Linux distributions).
-   Allow secret retrieval without storing the master password in order to guarantee a manual action.
-   The two above cases are the same because, if the master password is required to get access to the local key, it is
    useless to store the master password encrypted by the local key.

## Solution used

-   The OS password management system (Keychain for macOS, Credential Vault for Windows and libsecret for Linux) is used
    to store the randomly generated _local key_. It is then the responsibility of the OS keychain to encrypt
    this _local key_.
-   The secrets (master password and device secret key) are encrypted using the _local key_ and stored into the DB.
-   To be able to retrieve the _local key_ if the master password is known, it is encrypted using the master password
    and stored into the DB. Then, even without access to the OS keychain it is possible to retrieve all the
    secrets. If you don't want to use the OS keychain and/or store your master password encrypted, you can use the
    command `dcli configure save-master-password false`.
-   To encrypt the local key using the master password a derivate has to be generated. However, at this point no
    derivation settings are known, so it is hard-coded via a fake transaction generated by
    `getDerivationParametersForLocalKey` in [keychainManager.ts](keychainManager.ts).
